about us we see things different
I wish that there were 24 hours in the
day Kiba
I'll tell you when you know you finally
get known but no commercials in the
middle of the night start talking
directly to you three o'clock in the
morning a guy on TV goes do you wake up
in the middle of night because you have
to urinate I said go on
you do the calls might be an enlarged
prostate now I can't go back to sleep
because I'm trying to figure out if I
woke up to pee so I'm peeing cuz I woke
up you have to have your prostate
checked and I wouldn't get my chicken
taste up I was scared to death first
time oh no no nothing like that
my brain is a whistle I just like that
create okay
I want you to strip down to your
birthday soon children put this on and
the doctors gonna be with you shortly
mr. Reilly Dicky sir huh yep from the
yellow you I'm more of a Red Sox fan and
for Boston hate - really
so I understand you're here for a
prostate exam yeah first have anything
you want to tell me before we begin dou
P at night you have any recent pain in
the rectum tenderness in your scrotum no
you engage in anal sex mr. Reilly smart
okay let's let's give a look-see
so let's see the fun Mike loves I guess
we'll have to do this one little part
ologist Huber's okay I want you to relax
mr. Raynor this is going to be not
worried about the temperature doc I'm
worried about the width and the depth
I'm a comedian
Oh comedy Oh comedy I tell him I really
mean joke Oh my mother always told me I
wasn't a part ologist I should be
telling jokes enjoy the weather oh oh oh
what is that what is it that's normal oh
no no it's more like Oh
and yes not everything stays in Vegas
mr. G brightly yeah that's me
Jiro do you buy a funny man hey you want
photobook like a rat's fishing I love
the king come drop your tail enjoyed
Rajiv Ali did join ride